Do these steps in order:

1. Bullseye55: https://www.dropbox.com/home/Avalon/Star%20and%20Moon/Wastelands
Bullseye55: Remember the old Wastelands project?
PoroCYon: a little
Bullseye55: I'm bringing this back not as the Burning World, but for the Dark Matter.
Bullseye55: It grows over the Jungle.
Bullseye55: Think you can do that?
PoroCYon: after the DM, ok?
Bullseye55: DM spreading blocks turn jungle grass and mud into polluted dirt and polluted grass.
Bullseye55: All you need to do is code that. None of the enemies nor objects yet.
PoroCYon: put that in poro_todo.txt, I don't want to be spammed when playing GW :P
Bullseye55: I just want to see how it looks so I can make alterations to sprites as needed.
Bullseye55: Ah. :P

=======
3. Take a gander at my Worm spawning code again, and see where you messed up on your formatting. (Kidding. :P )-











Dark Matter Biome:

Dark Matter Ooze never spawns more than 250 in a given biome area of effect (at WorldGen).
If the number of  Dark Ooze goes above 350, the Dark Ooze turns reinforced, and can't be mined with a Picksaw.
The Dark Matter then spreads throughout the world, but always starting first from the reinforced Dark Matter.
    -> I need those reinforced tiles
Within 10 Terraria days time, all Dark Matter starts to spread in the world, starting a total conversion.
The Dark Matter spreads over everything, every brick, every wood, every block.
It converts special blocks into their own Dark Matter variants, such as Dark Matter Dungeon bricks. Yet to be sprited.
    -> and those

The Dungeon will be transformed into the Dark Matter Womb. Much tougher enemies spawn here compared to the majority of the world.
The Jungle grass and mud will be trasformed into Dark Matter Wastelands. The Wastelands grows a wide variety of junk.
This junk can then be recycled for resources, most resources coming from a pre-Dark Matter world. This biome is essential.
    -> more tiles needed

Dark Eye: An eye tile that spawns on the walls, floors, and celings on the Dark Matter Womb.
The direction it is looking determines what direction it fires if the player stands in its line of sight.
In essentially, a tile that attacks the player on its own, and can't be deactivated by snipping the wire.
They grow in the Womb.
    -> guess what now?

[ NOT COPIED DIRECTLY, EDIT THIS IF I USE THE WRONG WORDS, Bullseye55 ]
    - Poro

The whole Dark Matter biome should look like a black blob on the minimap, to make it look like it is undiscoverable
(maybe ask for a hook/API for controlling the map, only possible to hack it in right now).
    - done
Some tiles/walls should be animated, and/or partially transparent.
    -> need a temp tile/wall for animations

All Dark Matter tiles spread it.

[ --- ]

For each day of not being able to spread, the Dark Matter increases its spread area by 1 tile.

Once 350 are placed in one area, all of them are reinforced instantly.
Only in the area where the 350 were placed.
The tiles around that area will be turned into Dark Matter block types.
Reinforced blocks do not spread over regular Dark Matter tiles, nor vice versa.

More info coming later. I've gave you the basics, Poro.
